Add full writeups for first few sections (#2)
swent-sp-2024-event-radar/mvp-prd: template/2-history.md

Reviewer: Here’s the version with all grammatical and syntax corrections applied:
The V1 PoC of Event Radar, as planned by Sprint 10, includes essential features that demonstrate the app's core functionalities (see more in the MVP section). Users can browse upcoming events, engage in in-app private messaging, and utilize QR code generation and scanning for seamless connections. Users can also personalize their experience by customizing their profiles, enabling them to connect more effectively with others and build a strong community. Additionally, event hosts can create and edit events, ensuring effective event management.
Throughout the development of the PoC, our team faced several learning curves, particularly with the Scrum process. Initially, we encountered challenges with managing large pull requests (PRs) and task clarity, which we addressed by refining task definitions on the Scrum board and limiting the PR scope, leading to fewer dependencies between tasks. Furthermore, the ambitious nature of the app required us to make difficult prioritization decisions due to limited time. Despite these challenges, we successfully laid the groundwork for the MVP. However, further development is needed to implement additional user flows and define features such as group chats, in-event geo-location, and event history tracking to bridge from PoC to MVP fully.

*Maximum 1 page*

> The V1 PoC of Event Radar, as planned by Sprint 10, includes essential features that demonstrate the core functionalities of the app (see more in the MVP section). Users can browse upcoming events, engage in in-app private messaging, and utilize QR code generation and scanning for seamless connections. Users can also personalize their experience by customizing their profiles, enabling them to connect more effectively with others and build a strong community. Additionally, event hosts have the ability to create and edit events, ensuring effective event management.

Reviewer 2: Add join events:
```suggestion
The V1 PoC of Event Radar, as planned by Sprint 10, includes essential features that demonstrate the core functionalities of the app (see more in the MVP section). Users can browse upcoming events, sign up for events, engage in in-app private messaging, and utilize QR code generation and scanning for seamless connections. Users can also personalize their experience by customizing their profiles, enabling them to connect more effectively with others and build a strong community. Additionally, event hosts have the ability to create and edit events, ensuring effective event management.
```

Author: perhaps "browse and sign-up for upcoming events" would be more succint.

Reviewer 2: sounds good

> The V1 PoC of Event Radar, as planned by Sprint 10, includes essential features that demonstrate the core functionalities of the app (see more in the MVP section). Users can browse and see upcoming events, engage in in-app private messaging, and utilize QR code generation and scanning for seamless connections. Users can also personalize their experience with editable profiles, providing a foundation for building a local community and facilitating meaningful connections. Additionally, event hosts have the ability to create and edit events, ensuring effective event management.

Reviewer: Suggestion: 
Change this sentence: " Users can also personalize their experience with editable profiles, providing a foundation for building a local community and facilitating meaningful connections."
to:
"Users can also personalize their experience by customizing their profiles, enabling them to connect more effectively with others and express their identity."

> Throughout the development of the PoC, our team faced several learning curves, particularly with the Scrum process. Initially, we encountered challenges with managing large pull requests (PRs) and task clarity, which we addressed by refining task definitions on the Scrum board and limiting the PR scope, which also led to fewer dependencies between tasks. Furthermore, the ambitious nature of the app required us to make difficult prioritization decisions due to limited time. Despite these challenges, we successfully laid the groundwork for the MVP, although further development is needed to implement additional user flows and defining features such as group chats, in-event geo-location, and event history tracking to fully bridge from PoC to MVP.

Reviewer 2: What is missing to bridge from PoC to MVP?

Suggestion: split into two paragraphs to make it clear we're answering questions.
```suggestion
Throughout the development of the PoC, our team faced several learning curves, particularly with the Scrum process. Initially, we encountered challenges with managing large pull requests (PRs) and task clarity, which we addressed by refining task definitions on the Scrum board and limiting the PR scope, which also led to fewer dependencies between tasks. Furthermore, the ambitious nature of the app required us to make difficult prioritization decisions due to limited time. 

Despite these challenges, we successfully laid the groundwork for the MVP. Further development is needed to implement additional user flows and define more core features that add value to the user, such as group chats, associating new connections to events, defining privacy levels for individual profiles, event photo sharing, in-event geo-location, and event history tracking to fully bridge from PoC to MVP.
```

- hosts get access to a tool that allows them to easily scan the QR codes of event goers and see if the event goers have signed up or not

*What did you learn?*
- many members of our team were new to the scrum process, so it was an adjustment period, especially at the beginning, to get used to agile development
- often at the beginning we were so eager to correct issues with the code that we took on gigantic PRs that touched too many files, we learned from this mistake by 1) limiting the scope of PRs or splitting PRs if needed, and 2) writing better tasks in the SCRUM board that made the scope of the task clear to the developer
- with an idea as ambitious as ours and a limited time to complete everything, we knew we would not be able to finish everything in time, so we had to make a lot of hard decisions regarding prioritization of tasks
- we learned to break down tasks in a way that reduces dependencies between them

*What is missing to bridge from PoC to MVP?*
- there are still some user flows that we designed that are missing from the PoC
- some important defining features regarding connecting with others still need to be implemented

> - some more user flows have to be thought through and designed to make sure they are the best for the user, such as group chats, in event geo-location, and history of attended events

Reviewer 2: should this list all features? from PoC to MVP? I think what makes it special is the stuff like, you have to send a photo when u add friend, event photo sharing, privacy levels, etc.

Author: I guess the question is are all those features part of the MVP (i.e. must these features be present before showing the app to potential customers)?

Reviewer 2: Closed, as discussed offline. Features are not needed / referenced in other parts of report.
